the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro.
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse.
even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image.
audio on video also lacking.
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does.
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes.
just point and shoot and the photos were great.
battery life is ok.
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person.
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot.
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken.
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good.
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations.
it takes great pictures.
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket.
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel.
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv.
3 it is very compact and small.
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
7 picture quality is excellent .
8 battery life is excellent .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range.
10 great price for all the features .
this camera was affordable and cheap.
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions.
great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great.
The pictures are beautiful and crisp.
