the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse
even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
audio on video also lacking
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes
just point and shoot and the photos were great
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper
battery life is ok
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down now buy it
i have it for a week n  ow , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
great camera .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
it takes great pictures .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use
7 picture quality is excellent .
8 battery life is excellent .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
10 great price for all the features .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .
